Backport keyGenerator from 4.x branch (#28)
dereuromark/cakephp-cache: docs/Full-page.md

            'when' => function (ServerRequest $request, Response $response) {
                return $request->is('get');
            },
            'keyGenerator' => function ($key) {

>                 return $key; 

Reviewer: This must be kept empty. This kind of default is dangerous example - you had that also in your initial PR
It would lead to possible OS security issues as anyone passing a foldered path structure could potentially access the system files using ../ hack etc.
So it would be best to keep slugging example here too or just add `// Implement`

Author: Ok. I think I will us the way the 4.x branch uses the keyGenerator. As in; if the key genereator exists use only that and ignore everything else (such as prefixes).

```
By adding the `'when'` part, we make sure it only get's invoked for GET requests which is a performance increase.

> If you want to create the key used to save the cached file yourself then pass a `'keyGenerator'` callable. This is usefull to remove query keys wich don't affect the page's content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to create the key used to save the cached file yourself then pass a `'keyGenerator'` callable. This is useful to e.g. remove query keys which don't affect the page's content.
```
